Cristiano Ronaldo 'to earn £488k-a-day salary' as megacontract details revealed
standard.co.uk/sport/football/cristiano-ronaldo-salary-al-nassr-contract-wages-b1235188.html

Portuguese superstar staying at Al-Nassr after signing lucrative two-year extension to
expiring deal
By George Flood
A new report has revealed the staggering sums of money set to be earned by Cristiano
Ronaldo after he extended his contract at Al-Nassr.
Ronaldo’s club future had previously appeared uncertain after his previous deal at AlNassr had been due to expire at the end of June, with rumours of another high-profile
late-career move for the Portuguese superstar, who turned 40 in February.
Ronaldo revealed that he had rejected overtures from teams who wanted to give him the
opportunity to play at the inaugural expanded summer Club World Cup in the United
States, having previously appeared to hint that his time at Al-Nassr had come to a close
after the end of the latest Saudi Pro League season, in which they finished third under
Italian boss Stefano Pioli, behind Al-Hilal and 13 points adrift of champions Al-Ittihad.
“This chapter is over. The story? Still being written. Grateful to all,” read a social media
post from Ronaldo, who has notched 93 goals in 105 appearances for Al-Nassr so far and
been the Saudi Pro League’s top scorer in back-to-back seasons, scoring 25 last term
and 35 the year before.
However, Al-Nassr and sporting director Fernando Hierro had always appeared confident
that Ronaldo would eventually stay at the club and he has now signed until 2027.
According to The Sun, that bumper new contract stands as the most lucrative in the
history of sport, with Ronaldo reportedly set to earn an eye-watering £488,000 a day in
terms of his basic salary.
They claim he will take home £178m per year in addition to a £24.5m signing bonus that
will increase to £38m if he triggers the second year in a deal that will take him beyond his
42nd birthday, plus a 15 per cent ownership stake in Al-Nassr that is worth £33m and
bonuses of £4m and £8m respectively for winning the Golden Boot and Saudi Pro League
title.
When he originally joined Al-Nassr in December 2022, a month after his second spell at
Manchester United ended with the cancellation of his contract by mutual consent,
Ronaldo was reported to have agreed a deal worth around £177m annually.
“A new chapter begins,” Ronaldo wrote on social media after agreeing his extension.
“Same passion, same dream. Let's make history together.”
1/2

Ronaldo will now hope to add silverware to his impressive haul of goals in Saudi Arabia,
with Al-Nassr having parted company with Pioli and his staff on Wednesday after less
than a year in charge.
“Thanks for everything,” Ronaldo wrote after the former Lazio, Inter Milan, Fiorentina and
AC Milan coach’s departure.

2/2

